docs: :memo: add tip on how to edit issues and comments (#94)
rostools/github-intro: sessions/using-issues.qmd

> {{< text_snippet sticky_up >}}
> 
> ::: callout-tip
> ## Edit your issue or your comment
> 
> If you want to edit your issue or your comment to an issue, you can do
> so by clicking the "..." button on the right side of the issue or
> comment. This will open a dropdown menu. Click "Edit" in the dropdown.
> This will allow you to change the title, description, or comment text.
> 
> Once you have made your changes, click the "Save" button for issues or
> "Update comment" for comments to save the changes.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::: callout-tip
## Edit your issue or your comment

TODO: Use the actual icon for the ...

If you want to edit your issue or your comment to an issue, you can do
so by clicking the "..." button on the right side of the issue or
comment. This will open a dropdown menu. Click "Edit" in the dropdown.
From here you can change the title, description, or comment text.

Once you have made your changes, click the "Save" button for issues or
"Update comment" for comments to save the changes.
:::

{{< text_snippet sticky_up >}}

```

This should be before the sticky note, not after.
